[IMP] iot: troubleshooting add barcode exception (#7743)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/iot/config/troubleshooting.rst

The printer is not detected
---------------------------

> If a printer does not show up in the devices list, go to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a printer does not appear in the devices list, go to the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box
```
(just a suggestion on the word choice, totally up to you)

The solution is to manually select the corresponding driver. On the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)`
box homepage, click on :guilabel:`Printers Server`, go to the :guilabel:`Printers` tab and select

> the printer in the list. In the :guilabel:`Administration` drop-down, click on :guilabel:`Modify

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the printer in the list. In the :guilabel:`Administration` drop-down menu, click on :guilabel:`Modify
```

      :align: center
      :alt: Epson TM-U220 specifications on manufacturers website.

>    However, when trying to print with the naming convention: `EpsonTMU220B__IMC_LDV__`, it prints the

Reviewer: Line is over 100 characters

   :align: center
   :alt: Modifying the form view of the barcode scanner.

> Barcode scanner processes every barcode character individually
> --------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Barcode scanner processes barcode characters individually
---------------------------------------------------------
```

When accessing the mobile version of Odoo from a mobile device or tablet paired with a barcode
scanner via the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box, the scanner may process each barcode character

> as an individual scan. In this case the :guilabel:`Keyboard Layout` option needs to be filled out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as an individual scan. In this case, the :guilabel:`Keyboard Layout` option needs to be filled out
```

> When accessing the mobile version of Odoo from a mobile device or tablet paired with a barcode
> scanner via the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box, the scanner may process each barcode character
> as an individual scan. In this case, the :guilabel:`Keyboard Layout` option needs to be filled out
> with the appropriate language of the barcode scanner on the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanner` form page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When accessing the mobile version of Odoo from a mobile device, or tablet, paired with a barcode
scanner, via the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box, the scanner may process each barcode character
as an individual scan. In this case, the :guilabel:`Keyboard Layout` option **must** be filled out
with the appropriate language of the barcode scanner on the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanner` form page.
```

.. tip::
   Access the barcode scanner by navigating to :menuselection:`IoT App --> Devices --> Barcode
   Scanner`.

.. image:: troubleshooting/keyboard-layout.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Barcode scanner form page, with keyboard layout option highlighted.

> The keyboard layout is language based, and the options available will vary depending on the device
> and the language of the database. For example: `English (UK)`, `English (US)`, etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The keyboard layout is language based, and the options available vary, depending on the device and
the language of the database. For example: `English (UK)`, `English (US)`, etc.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Modifying the form view of the barcode scanner.

Barcode scanner processes barcode characters individually
---------------------------------------------------------

When accessing the mobile version of Odoo from a mobile device, or tablet, paired with a barcode
scanner, via the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box, the scanner may process each barcode

> character as an individual scan. In this case, the :guilabel:`Keyboard Layout` option **must** be
> filled out with the appropriate language of the barcode scanner on the :guilabel:`Barcode Scanner`
> form page.
> 
> .. tip::
>    Access the barcode scanner by navigating to :menuselection:`IoT App --> Devices --> Barcode
>    Scanner`.
> 
> .. image:: troubleshooting/keyboard-layout.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Barcode scanner form page, with keyboard layout option highlighted.
> 
> The keyboard layout is language based, and the options available vary, depending on the device and
> the language of the database. For example: `English (UK)`, `English (US)`, etc.

Reviewer 2: Because the active instruction to navigate to the barcode scanner form page is _after_ stating the option that needs to be enabled, the option's text is not currently present on the UI, so no guilabel. However, after this instruction, :guilabel: can be used.
```suggestion
character as an individual scan. In this case, the *Keyboard Layout* option **must** be filled out
with the appropriate language of the barcode scanner on the *Barcode Scanner* form page.

.. tip::
   Access the barcode scanner form page by navigating to :menuselection:`IoT App --> Devices -->
   Barcode Scanner`.

.. image:: troubleshooting/keyboard-layout.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Barcode scanner form page, with keyboard layout option highlighted.

The :guilabel:`Keyboard Layout` is language based, and the options available vary, depending on the
device and the language of the database. For example: :guilabel:`English (UK)`, :guilabel:`English
(US)`, etc.
```
